The Joe Rogan.
Experience. It's swear. You brought up like,
I have friends who love stuff that I hate, but I don't give a.
The reason my special is called, I love everything is when you get to age 50,
there's still stuff that annoys you and stuff you don't like, but you're like,
but I know where this is coming or I, or I know why he's acting that way or I,
yeah, like, I, I don't, I'm not a fan OFM, Trump. I think he's horrible.
But I also know about his childhood and how he was raised.
And I know why he is the way he is. He grew up in a monster factory. Yeah.
<laugh> and it was really well run monster factory.
And it made an incredible monster. Like I know why he is the way he is.
So you can only go. So like, hatred is a luxury for youth. When you're young,
you can go, this is. And then you get to 50. You're like, it's not for me,
but I don't care. Okay, fine. You.
Know what? I also think it is. I talk about this often that, uh,
you have children, you have child. I have daughters.
And when I think of people now, I think of them as babies that grew up.
And when I was younger, I used to think if I, if I knew do you, now I know,
I think, oh, pat has always been this patent, but now I can see,
because I've seen little babies become little people and I go, oh, oh, okay.
You just got terrible input, terrible feedback, bad epigenetics.
Lot of wrong here. You're a victim of circumstance. As much as you are,
you know, being an. You're, you're actually,
you're the reason why you're an is cuz you're a victim. The case in a lot of,
a lot of times.
Yeah. And sometimes people can become an.
Obviously some people can become an because Trump had a lifetime of systematic
abuse, but also people can become horrible for, from having one bad day.
One bad day can set you the wrong direction. Yeah. So you,
but it's not till you get older where you suffer all those blows and setbacks
and reversals of fortune that you go, okay.
Let's maybe give someone a little bit of breathing room. Yes.
Even if they're being horrible, think about why they're being doing this.
You know, that's just how it is. Well, I also, you have.
Otherwise you can't live. It's also,
it's not beneficial to anybody to be confrontational and to be angry
about things all the time. I mean, even though it seems fun when you're young,
as you get older, you realize it's a, a terrible way of using your resources.
And it also, it doesn't create any harmony.
It just makes the people on the other side fight back harder.
Like there's no middle ground given. There's no compromise.
There's no forgiveness. There's no Equin Amity. There's no,
there's no moment where you feel like this is a human being.
And I'm a human being and I make mistakes and they make mistakes and let's
figure out how we could be nicer to each other. I mean,
that's what everybody would like. That's what everybody would like, the hardest.
The hardest thing to do.
And you're gonna fail a lot of times trying to like keep trying.
Cause otherwise the only other option is the person who's you off actually
wins and takes over space in your mind and stops you doing the you need to do.
Yeah. If you're living a then centered life or a spike centered life, ah,
then that person runs your, that other person runs your life.
And think of all the jokes and albums and movies or whatever you were gonna do
that you never did as you were focused on them. That's.
Really common. You know?
And there's a lot of people that are doing that with Trump.
There's a lot of people that follow on Twitter while just go their,
their Twitter feed. It's just, just railing about Trump all day.
And I wanna go over their house and you can't anymore, but hug him and go,
Hey man, you gotta stop paying attention to this.
Like you're you're how much time do you have in a day?
How much time is spent on things you hate much time is spent
on things you love. You need to figure out a way to shift that.
For me, hating Trump has become like a glass of wine.
I indulge in it every now and then I enjoy it when he does something really
crazy.
And also every now and every now and then you need to check in and go just,
what am I? You, this isn't normal. This shouldn't be happening.
Let's not get used to this. But then also, yeah,
I promote other other people stuff. I signal boost other comedians.
I retweet really funny tweet like that. Al has to be fun because you're right.
There are,
there are people that I love whose Twitter feeds have just devolved into.
Can you believe? Yes. Yeah. I, I would have a bit about,
am I special about how I don't have any Trump jokes because he's made comedians
obsolete. How do you write a joke funnier than this he's doing in front of us?
You know, it's like, he's doing this crazy and then you walk up,
you wanna hear a joke? I wrote about this. Everyone's like, no, I'm just,
I'm watching this. I'm I'm good. Well.
It's all the things too.
It's the tan and the hair and the madness and the not willing to admit that he's
ever wrong. And it's like, Jesus Christ. This is, I know.
Someone put this out as a joke. The other day was like a little graphic,
but it is true. You know how he won't wear a mask? Yeah.
It'll rub the makeup off. Oh yeah, for sure. And put that as a joke.
He can't put a mask on because yeah. He takes it off.
He'll have this weird and he knows he, he can't do it. I bet.
On the first day he tried to do it and went, uh, no, we can't do it. Sorry.
Yeah.
Well, why didn't Pence wear it in that, that one time,
remember when everybody was wearing it, the Mayo clinic and he didn't.
I feel like Trump bullied him. I feel like Trump was like,
you're not gonna go out there with a masks. Are you, you make me look bad NCE,
you know, I'm too terrified.